hello hello everyone hope you like my
animations this is regarding
lonoa yeah it's a PC sticks like 131 $29
the device can connect to any HDMI
compatible TV or monitor and will pack a
pocket-sized PC powerful enough for
entertainment and web browsing the
popular PC vendor announces his creation
a PC on a stick the new idea center
stick three zero zero 300 it's designed
to deliver the performance of a window
PC but in a bite size post portion the
mini the mini PC is only three point
nine four inches wide 1.5 inches deep
and 0.59 inches high so it's not much
larger than young your average USB stick
you can carry the idea Center stick 300
with you on the go and plugging it into
any TV or PC monitor with an HDMI port
to run its onboard application and
access your files beyond that the idea
is to offer consumer a device with
enough computing power to let you play
games surf the web and chat with friends
via video without having to purchase a
pricey tablet or a laptop you can
convert any monitor into PC this is also
a new market for Lenovo which is already
number one in the worldwide PC market
and number three in the smartphone
market the mini PC represent a new
challenge which the company will compete
with other PC on stage such as Intel and
Microsoft powered by Intel Atom
processor the Cystic carries up to 2
gigabytes of memory and up to 30 GB of
on-board storage Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.0
Bluetooth also include four wireless
connectivity you can have that you have
that animations playing around so you
can see that I this I have used some of
keywords in in throw pod in my video one
SJM I port one micro USB 2.0 port and
one SD card reader
further right along with a small speaker
the istic comes with Windows 8.1 but
will be eligible to upgrade to Windows
state three month trial of Microsoft
Office is also part of the package the
only items you'll need to add to use the
sticks are a wireless keyboard and mouse
truly portable and affordable solution
would be significant benefit to user of
all kind of Lenovo general manager for
worldwide desktop and visual said in a
press release which I am just going
through right now our goal with the idea
Center stick is to give those user a
sense of freedom and enhanced mobility
while packing a serious punch in a small
device starting in July that sticker
will be up for a sale website this will
be on lenovo website as well as at
various retail stores it's an average
tablet with the display camera some
connectivity hardware and batteries
stripped out the small size seems about
right concerning what that leaves with
the new flash drive size can be
effectively done on any display or
television into PC in a snap the stick
hook up to display using a full size
HDMI port like other stick device
including at the Pocket PC and media
streamer like chromecast and fire TV
stick the inside the stick has one point
eight three Giga has Intel I I know
people used to your hair to maneuver
using robotic voice so I started my
worst voice so I started with my it's
stupid voice so please subscribe and try
to share my video if you can hope you
like my video and please subscribe to
point technology and web box
technologies and that's it and have a
nice day everyone